The most difficult part about learning what computer science is and getting
into it is getting past the first block that you have, that I
had thinking that it's difficult, thinking that computer science is
something for other people. Think about, thinking that it's for smart
people, for math people, or for people that got 4.0's in school you
know. It's not you know, you have a wide range just like any other
job out there, so once you get past that then you have to realize the
book that you're reading maybe is written by computer scientists
themselves you know. So there could be a time when you have to close
the book and go you know prep yourself a little bit more you know,
find some material online, find some easy to understand topics that
can kind of prep you to go back to the more difficult book that you're
reading in your hands. So yeah the material can be hard sometimes,
the projects that we have can be you know really demanding, but with
enough time you know, they say seven years you become an expert.
Ten thousand hours you become an expert so you put in that time, then
you will learn computer science.